Code review:
Potential faults:
   Error in the way you move from one space to two rows up across the board
  Hover not highlighting brown squares on checker board
For our code review we chose the inspection method because we thought it was the most thoroughWhile doing an inspection of our code review we found the faults of an illegal move and an error in our "hover" code. The illegal move made it so if a piece were on one side of the board it would be able to move to the other side of the board two rows up based on the way our math was set up for moving pieces. We have this labeled as a minor fault because we felt it would be rare for a user to discover this fault while playing the game since the illegal move is so far away from any sensible legal move. Although I could also see it leaning towards a major fault because if users were able to find this defect then that would heavily disrupt the gameplay and give them a major advantage, but with it being so hard to find we left it as minor. This fault type was a logic fault since our logic was wrong while setting up the math for moving pieces. The hover error was found when physically inspecting and playing our game because the brown pieces would not light up when hovered over. We also have this labeled as a minor fault since it does not affect the game play at all; it is more of just a minor nuisance while playing the game. The fault type was an interface fault as it was mostly noticeable while playing the game on the screen. To rework these faults we had a reliable team member Konrad Kahnert quickly fix these faults.
We found that in the CSS file the hover function was set to "sqr-red" instead of "sqr-brown"(which is where the pieces lie and can be placed). So we were easily able to make the switch and solve this issue. For the illegal move we set the math to where you would not be allowed to move two rows up when not jumping over another piece which resolved that issue. 
To follow-up we checked for more possible bugs or issues to appear in the code after the fixes but could not find any. Then since we did not rework over five percent of our code we did not decide to initiate another inspection.